after got fund. 
get people to build 

content - video,
app - similar to stellarium , with communit posting , ai guide , content , etc
starpointer - use esp32 / self hardware to build better pointing system. and model like spacex

think big 
-> school kay sath collab (interactive lectures , field trip , or make astronomy a subject)
-> astrotourism and meusims 
-> travel and tourism hotels kay sath collab and partern with them the stargazing events.
-> movie type full feel in cities . 2hr , 2hr ka movie 300-500 people at a time.
-> 

after getting fund - 2lakh or etc. i cannot be a engineer . i have to be a founder. 
because i cannot sit and build stuff. because its too hard and there is so much - and i dont have experties in electronics, dev , etc . and there are many 
good talented people . for ex - after the prototype of the starpointer is done - i cannot sit and make it full accurate - i should not. because there are people who are 100x than me. so they make custor pcb - put small cpu , gpu in that chip . sensors will be on the chip , ... this that .. get a good drone enginner - because they know a lot of the stuff of quaternions / rotational kinematics, sf , etc... and they will make things work . i just need to tell them - i want this thing. and overlook them. 

and i need to distribute all the work and solely foucs on growth. 
so get finance guy . 
get content guy . 
get add dev guy . 
get electronics guy
get businees dev guy 
get ... people on board. and just guide them 
and mine job is to think how to make this company successful . get funds - think businees - which businees model to take (city , app , full night , b2b to stargazing events organizers, tourism , etc , etc . 
need to really sell it make money . and selling is not easy - you can make an app . but to make it succes - you need carisma . ( how the intro will be , how ui / ux , what to do that people pay (montly sub, or per day ), ..... , daily updates - that this space event dont miss out , this day this will happen . special content - ram navmi star formation , ... 100's of things ) . ... 
so need to work on how to make this success . penetrating the users minds and hooking them up. 
how will the ai work -> like a video you can pause and then ask question go to the next star , or watch another story. or truely ai - ai (one by one star - it creates content then txt to speech and visualy - use from collection , .. etc . and you can unmute and ask it or talk with it , and then say after that it conineus ... 
ex : - the green turtle AI - (kids ask question to that ai and it repliyes ) . 
- need to think about many things which can penetrate and poeple say - ohh its awesome . : ex - choosing your guide : Aline avatar , astraunate avatar , etc. and while they speak their mouth also moves , same like the turtle ai . 
.. then social media par kyu hoga - imgs of their experince, or , thier findings and research , or anstrphotos , etc... or do we need to put the social media stuff. - making a community is nice - so that like minded people can connect and build together. 

how to get trackion - tell elon to try this new stuff . (tell spacex employees to try it out) . or stargazing and astro platfroms. par viral kar. 

organizing cometetions, giving swags. 

putting it on tracktion platforms - hacker.com , etc ... 

putting free events on luma , eventbrite , etc platforms - in mumbai -> ( rent a place - dark garden or etc. and makeing auditorum type sitting, put projector like a movie screen size (rent it) . 3, 4 starpoints put every side. and then 2 hrs ka event. outside they can buy lunch , etc. tell them to follow and post it on linkind - download the app . put props - so that people can get images with it to put on social . give winners swags. tell all to downlaod the app. put some telscopes - and telescope ka images can also see on secondary screen. 
tell you can have the same experience with your fiends , family - download the app. rate us on appstore and playstore. 

and i can also get this event sponspored by celestron , or etc , etc...... 

so need to think all this .... 

making the app really internation is imp. -> like other hemishper kay hisab say visuals show ( moon upside down - for bootom hemesphere ) , uss conuntry kay hisab say regiona story , .etc.... 
